Pretending to force you is full of sin
You are unforgivable
What right do you have to judge me?
You curse me
The same sin is unforgivable
You wait for me.
Wait for my dad to come
I want to kill
Without power, just take it off and execute it
Who dares to hurt my son?
Dad, he came just in time
Cut them to pieces for me
Tell me that City Lord Zhou is here
Your time has come to die
Then it depends on whether Zhou Xiong dares to save you or not
Supreme, what nonsense are you talking about?
Please help me!
Supreme what
Zhou Xiong greets the Supreme
He is supreme
That's impossible.
He's a mud leg
How could he be supreme?
Zhou Xiong, Zhou Xiong
Look at the good son you have raised.
I don't know how many people died in the same coal mine as Feng Bin
This one.
Please forgive me
I only have one son
Now know to be afraid
Forget it, I can't
Dad, help me
I don't want to die.
Papa Shaw Long Claw
I'm willing to use my family's wealth to beg you to let me go
Go when you're done
Dad?